Implement typeName API for stable Module names (#3130)
chipsalliance/chisel: docs/src/cookbooks/naming.md

`_GEN` signals are usually generated from the FIRRTL compiler, rather than the Chisel library. We are working on
renaming these signals with more context-dependent names, but it is a work in progress. Thanks for caring!

### My module names are super unstable - I change one thing and Module_1 becomes Module_42. Help!

This is an example of the module instability problem, which results from several modules all sharing the exact same name. To fix this, you must add more specificity to your `Module`'s name to avoid these name collisions.

> This can be done by leveraging the `typeName` API, which provides parameter information from a `Data` object for use in a Module's `desiredName` -- thus reducing name collisions and fixing this problem permanently. For instance, suppose your module looks like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be done by leveraging the `desiredName` and `typeName` APIs. 
`desiredName` is for indicating the names of `Modules` (e.g. influenced by the parameters passed in), and `typeName` is useful for modules which are type-parameterized by subclasses of `Data`. Overriding `desiredName` can reduce or even eliminate name collisions. For instance, suppose your module looks like the following:
```

```scala mdoc
class MyModule[T <: Data](gen: T) extends Module {
  val in = IO(Input(gen))
  val out = IO(Output(gen))
  out := in
}
```

We can override `desiredName` to include the type name of the `gen` parameter like so:

```scala mdoc
override def desiredName = s"MyModule_${gen.typeName}"
```

Any instances of your `MyModule` will now have Verilog module names containing the type parameter.

```scala mdoc
val foo = Module(new MyModule(UInt(4.W))) // MyModule_UInt4
val foo = Module(new MyModule(Vec(3, UInt(4.W)))) // MyModule_Vec3_UInt4
```

All default Chisel modules, like `Queue` and `Pipe`, already have their `desiredName` overrided in this manner, which solves the infamous `Queue` stability problem.

### I have already overriden `desiredName` to use a `typeName` but my module names are still conflicting!

> 

Reviewer: this is a cookbook and should have more on code less on explanation :) show them the before-and-after of a Queue using their user defined type with them overriding the type name Bundle's type name and how it will influence the Queue.

You either must add additional information to the `desiredName`, or if you're using your own user-defined `Bundle`, increase the specificity of its own `typeName`. All `Data` types have a simple default implementation of `typeName` (which is simply their own name), but you can override this yourself, of course!

In general, the suggested pattern for `typeName`, and subsequently `desiredName`, is to fold single integer-like parameters with the name itself (for example, `Queue4`, `UInt3`, `MyBundle9`) and separate these with underscores (`Queue4_UInt3`, `FooBundle_BarType4`).

> Integers should not occur with an underscore before it at the very end of the name (`MyBundle_1`) because this is the _same_ syntax used for duplicates, and so would cause confusion. Having to disambiguate modules all named `FooModule_MyBundle_4_1`, `FooModule_MyBundle_4_2`, `FooModule_MyBundle_4_3`, and so on would be undesirable, indeed!

Reviewer: so what *should* you do for multiple integer parameters? We haven't had to address this, so you can either say "No Chisel library components have to deal with it, it's an excercise left to the reader" or say something like "No Chisel library components have to deal with it, but if you have multiple integer parameters suggest you prefix them with a letter, like `FooModule_MyBundle4_p3_b3_p3` ...?

i think for this PR i'd rather we just have no stance on it.

`_GEN` signals are usually generated from the FIRRTL compiler, rather than the Chisel library. We are working on
renaming these signals with more context-dependent names, but it is a work in progress. Thanks for caring!

### My module names are super unstable - I change one thing and Module_1 becomes Module_42. Help!

This is an example of the module instability problem, which results from several modules all sharing the exact same name. To fix this, you must add more specificity to your `Module`'s name to avoid these name collisions.

This can be done by leveraging the `desiredName` and `typeName` APIs. 
`desiredName` is for indicating the names of `Modules` (e.g. influenced by the parameters passed in), and `typeName` is useful for modules which are type-parameterized by subclasses of `Data`. Overriding `desiredName` can reduce or even eliminate name collisions. For instance, suppose your module looks like the following:

```scala mdoc
class MyModule[T <: Data](gen: T) extends Module {
  val in = IO(Input(gen))
  val out = IO(Output(gen))
  out := in
}
```

We can override `desiredName` to include the type name of the `gen` parameter like so:

> ```scala mdoc

Reviewer: I'd probably show this as a subclass of MyModule, or just write it out again (you can use a bunch of tags to reset the compilation context, or just give it a new name) , so that the mdoc will actually compile. If this is how you want it, you can just omit the mdoc tag.

Author: > you can use a bunch of tags to reset the compilation context

How would I do this? I'd like to show that the `MyModule` example can be supplemented with overriding `desiredName` to demonstrate use of the `typeName` API

override def desiredName = s"MyModule_${gen.typeName}"
```

Any instances of your `MyModule` will now have Verilog module names containing the type parameter.

> ```scala mdoc

Reviewer: This won't execute work because you aren't in a builder context, you can still do `mdoc:compileOnly`

renaming these signals with more context-dependent names, but it is a work in progress. Thanks for caring!

### My module names are super unstable - I change one thing and Module_1 becomes Module_42. Help!

This is an example of the module instability problem, which results from several modules all sharing the exact same name. To fix this, you must add more specificity to your `Module`'s name to avoid these name collisions.

This can be done by leveraging the `desiredName` and `typeName` APIs. 
`desiredName` is for indicating the names of `Modules` (e.g. influenced by the parameters passed in), and `typeName` is useful for modules which are type-parameterized by subclasses of `Data`. Overriding `desiredName` can reduce or even eliminate name collisions. For instance, suppose your module looks like the following:

```scala mdoc:silent
class MyModule[T <: Data](gen: T) extends Module {
  // ...
}
```

We can override `desiredName` of the module to include the type name of the `gen` parameter like so:

```scala
override def desiredName = s"MyModule_${gen.typeName}
}
```

Any instances of your `MyModule` will now have Verilog module names containing the type parameter.

> ```scala mdoc:compileOnly

Reviewer: should be:
`scala mdoc:compile-only`

sorry I had the wrong suggestion

`_GEN` signals are usually generated from the FIRRTL compiler, rather than the Chisel library. We are working on
renaming these signals with more context-dependent names, but it is a work in progress. Thanks for caring!

> ### My module names are super unstable - I change one thing and Queue_1 becomes Queue_42. Help!

Reviewer: lets make sure to add these topics to the ToC at the top.

Reviewer: correction: there is no ToC :) we could add in a follow-up

This can be done by leveraging the `desiredName` and `typeName` APIs. 
`desiredName` is for indicating the names of `Modules` (e.g. influenced by the parameters passed in), and `typeName` is useful for modules which are type-parameterized by subclasses of `Data`. Overriding `desiredName` can reduce or even eliminate name collisions. For instance, suppose your module looks like the following:

```scala mdoc:silent
class MyModule[T <: Data](gen: T) extends Module {
  // ...
}
```

We can override `desiredName` of the module to include the type name of the `gen` parameter like so:

```scala mdoc:silent:reset
import chisel3._

class MyModule[T <: Data](gen: T) extends Module {
  override def desiredName = s"MyModule_${gen.typeName}"
}
```

Any instances of your `MyModule` will now have Verilog module names containing the type parameter.

```scala mdoc:compile-only
val foo = Module(new MyModule(UInt(4.W))) // MyModule_UInt4
val bar = Module(new MyModule(Vec(3, UInt(4.W)))) // MyModule_Vec3_UInt4
```

> ### Does the `typeName` apply for built-in module names too, most notably `Queue`?

Reviewer: Sinc this isn't really a "recipe", I'd probably just move all this underneath the next topic maybe after the quick 'recipe' answer as a deeper explanation

```scala
import chisel3._
import chisel3.util.{Decoupled, Queue}

val fooDeq = Queue(fooEnq, 8) // Verilog module would be named 'Queue'
val barDeq = Queue(barEnq, 8) // ... and 'Queue_1'
// multiple other Queues... let's assume there are 40 more
val bazDeq = Queue(bazEnq, 8) // ... and finally 'Queue_42'
```

By introducing minor changes to the Chisel code, the `Queue` module hierarchy can drastically and unpredictably change -- the `Queue_2` module might rename itself to `Queue_42`, resulting in a lot of confusion and troubles!

Previously, the recommended solution was to manually override `desiredName` in a `Queue` for extra specificity, but now, both the `typeName` of a `Queue`'s inner type and the Queue's depth are automatically included in its `desiredName`, with *almost* no changes:

```scala
val fooQueue = Queue(fooEnq, 8) // Verilog module would be named 'Queue8_UInt8'
val barQueue = Queue(barEnq, 8) // ... and 'Queue8_SInt8'
val bazQueue = Queue(bazEnq, 8) // ... and 'Queue8_Bool'
```

> ### I have already overriden `desiredName` to use a `typeName` but my module names are still conflicting!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How can I avoid name conflicts on Chisel library modules like `Queue`?
```
